# House Styles

A repository of code style guides, written in [GitHub Flavored
Markdown][GFM]. Fork it, add your own, and send a pull request! Copy
the structure of an existing style guide if you like it, but feel free
to improve as well.

## Meta

* Write your guide in [GitHub Flavored Markdown][GFM]. Don't forget to
  add it to the **Styles** section below (and please keep it
  alphabetized, it's easier to scan). The guide itself should go in
  `styles/org-lang/README.md`, e.g.,
  `styles/audiosocket-ruby/README.md`.

* Examples are awesome. Inline examples in your guide are good, but
  also consider including some full example files next to your guide's
  `README.md`. Name the primary example file `example.lang`, e.g.,
  `styles/audiosocket-ruby/example.rb`.

* Expose your rationale. Even if it's as simple as "I like this
  better," it helps to understand why a guideline exists.

* One final note: They're called **"house styles"** for a reason: Your
  house, your rules. When you're in someone else's house, treat their
  code and rules with respect.

[GFM]: http://github.github.com/github-flavored-markdown

## Styles

* [Audiosocket (Ruby)](/jbarnette/house-styles/blob/master/styles/audiosocket-ruby#readme)
* [cirro (PHP)] (/jbarnette/house-styles/blob/master/styles/cirro-php/README.md)

## License (Unlicense)

This is free and unencumbered software released into the public
domain.

Anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or
distribute this software, either in source code form or as a compiled
binary, for any purpose, commercial or non-commercial, and by any
means.

In jurisdictions that recognize copyright laws, the author or authors
of this software dedicate any and all copyright interest in the
software to the public domain. We make this dedication for the benefit
of the public at large and to the detriment of our heirs and
successors. We intend this dedication to be an overt act of
relinquishment in perpetuity of all present and future rights to this
software under copyright law.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
